Cheesecake

INGREDIENTS
    Crust:
        1 box of Oreos
        3 tbsp. melted butter
        butter for pan (room temp)
    Cheesecake:
        3 1/2 lbs. cream cheese (room temp)
        2 1/4 cups sugar
        1/2 cup all-purpose flour
        1 cup sour cream (room temp)
        1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
        5 large eggs (room temp)

INSTRUCTIONS
    1. Preheat oven to 350F
    2. Butter sides and bottom of a 10-inch spring form pan
    3. Now wrap exterior of the pan (including base) in a double layer of foil
    4. To make the crust for the cheesecake, crush the Oreos until fine. Now you can combine the Oreos and the melted butter.
    5. Transfer the mixture to the pan and pat it into a flat layer using the bottom of a glass or meat pounder to make it even. 
    6. Put the spring form pan in the refrigerator for about 15 minutes. Then place it on a baking sheet and bake until the crust is firm, for about 15 minutes. Let the pan cool completely.
    7. Now beat Philadelphia cream cheese in a large bowl, on medium speed until well combined and fluffy, for about 3 minutes.
    8. In another large bowl, whisk together the sugar and flour. Set your mixer on low speed and add the sugar mix to the cream cheese. Mix until well combined and smooth.
    9. Now it is time to add the sour cream and vanilla. Mix again until smooth.
    10. Add the 5 eggs, one at a time though, beating until they are just combined (do not overbeat).
    11. Now we are almost done. Pour the cream cheese filling into your spring form pan. Place the pan inside a large, roasting pan.
    12. Carefully pour boiling water into the roasting pan. Pour in halfway up sides of spring form pan. This will prevent the cake from cracking.
    13. Bake for 45 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 325F and continue baking your New York Cheesecake until it is set but still slightly wobbly in the center, another 30 minutes.
    14. Turn off your oven but leave your cake in oven with the door halfway open for a good hour (out of water).
    15. Now transfer the spring form pan to a wire rack and let the cake cool completely. Refrigerate it uncovered overnight.
